“He desires to be with us in our concerns and our decisions. We need not navigate the challenges, sorrows, insecurities and heartaches of life alone. He will be beside us.”~~Kristin Yee
“It takes emotional vulnerability, and you have to care, to be emotionally responsive. Emotional responsiveness is absolutely necessary for a couple to remain happy together.”~~Matthew Wickman
“The words of covenant mothers, grandmothers, sisters, daughters, aunts, leaders, teachers and friends have such unusual power to mold lives, to touch hearts and to build faith. Sisters, you and I, we have the ability to lift, strengthen, fortify, encourage and testify of truth in a way that literally changes lives.”~~Sheri Dew
“I’m sure you have heard the saying, ‘Fake it ’til you make it,’ right? In our family, we use it actually with a twist. We don’t call it ‘faking.’ There is nothing fake about doing the things that we are supposed to do when our spirits are down or when grief is our suffering. I actually think that is heroic. So, what we say instead is, ‘Walk by faith until you know it.’ Keep going until brighter days come. Endure to the end because God gives the strength to do it.”~~Irene Caso
“The Book of Mormon was written for our day. In its stories, we see our own struggles to remain faithful to our covenants as we face challenges: persecution, war, unbelief, discrimination, doubts, corruption, prosperity and so on.”~~Joseph Spencer
“We can pace our progress. We can be patient with ourselves and with others. … It takes time to prepare for eternity.”~~Rebecca Craven
“Discontent can be divine. Divine discontent compares what we are with what we can become. … It can become divine when it turns us to Jesus Christ in humility.”~~
“We want the young people to know that this program is all about strengthening their faith in and dependence on Jesus Christ.”~~Brad Wilcox
“God will never tire in his efforts to help us, and we will never exhaust His merciful patience.”~~Susan Porter
“Being present and connecting in real ways is growing increasingly vital in today’s world.”~~Bonnie Cordon